README.md, before:

# JavaScript Projects   

A collection of my JavaScript projects created while learning and practicing web development.  
This repository showcases different concepts of **JavaScript (ES6+), DOM manipulation, APIs, and problem-solving skills**.  

---

## 📂 Projects  

| Project | Description | Live Demo / Repo |
|---------|-------------|------------------|
| **Project 1** | Short description (e.g., A simple calculator using vanilla JS). | [Source Code](#) |
| **Project 2** | Short description (e.g., To-do app with local storage). |[Source Code](#) |
| **Project 3** | Short description (e.g., Weather app using API). | [Source Code](#) |

  

---

##  Features  

- Hands-on practice with **core JavaScript concepts**  
- Covers **DOM manipulation**, **events**, and **APIs**  
- Beginner-friendly, small projects that grow in complexity  
- Each project is kept simple, clear, and easy to understand  

---

##  Technologies Used  

- **HTML5**  
- **CSS3**  
- **JavaScript (ES6+)**  

---

##  How to Use  

1. Clone this repo:  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/javascript-projects.git

Commit message:

add the readme file for rock paper game

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Projects   

A collection of my JavaScript projects created while learning and practicing web development.  
This repository showcases different concepts of **JavaScript (ES6+), DOM manipulation, APIs, and problem-solving skills**.  

---

## 📂 Projects  

| Project | Description | Live Demo / Repo |
|---------|-------------|------------------|
| **Project 1** |  A Rock-Paper-Scissor game with DOM manipulation and local storage  | [https://github.com/levelupsoftwares/JS-Projects/tree/main/Rock-Paper-Scissor%20game](#) |
| **Project 2** | Short description (e.g., To-do app with local storage). |[Source Code](#) |
| **Project 3** | Short description (e.g., Weather app using API). | [Source Code](#) |

  

---

##  Features  

- Hands-on practice with **core JavaScript concepts**  
- Covers **DOM manipulation**, **events**, and **APIs**  
- Beginner-friendly, small projects that grow in complexity  
- Each project is kept simple, clear, and easy to understand  

---

##  Technologies Used  

- **HTML5**  
- **CSS3**  
- **JavaScript (ES6+)**  

---

##  How to Use  

1. Clone this repository or download the folder:  
   ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/levelupsoftwares/JS-Projects.git
